I'm officers right now I'm going to show
you how to start playing imobsters
pretty fun pretty fun game exciting have
a lot of conversations going on okay
let's go click continue and they offer
you right away the first mission to do
which will get you to i believe level
too quickly just continue till you get
it mission mastered you get another
mission available oh there we go you got
a gun which will help level two okay you
got quite a few more missions level 3
excellent there we go you got level 4
nice till you reach level 5 when you
level 5 you have ability to span your
skill points once again guys are going
to repeat it go for defense well call it
the way you like it there you go pick
the name depending on your style the way
you play you want to go either for cash
when you pick the tycoon that means that
you're going to accumulate a cash little
bit faster than regular player I stick
to tycoon so muscle heals faster well if
we have that ability to pay the money
and heal ourselves I think there is
pointless to be a muscle operative gains
energy energy that's for those who
really forms missions etc etc I believe
guys that when you level 50 you can
accomplish all the missions as possible
in the game so there is its point was to
go operative so go for tycoon money
there is never extra money so stick
without my suggestion oh and we're on a
battlefield pick any target attack just
to see how it works how the fight goes
back once again till you lack of ammo
and go for the mission and do the heist
mission possible relations you level 6
do it again
they will throw you a mission master
extra money plus you can do another
missions right away go go for defense
okay go back to home button you see you
got 34 Godfather points spend those to
refill I mean spend your stem to refill
your energy and do the mission in order
to be level 7 when you level 7 you can
dance from there there you go
congratulations you level 7 spend skill
points defense once again go for defense
go to your real estate you have 100
roughly somewhere between 140 and
hundred sixty thousand and go for the
chip for the most expensive well it
calls 10 mils you get the one that you
really can you have 100 I have 100
almost hundred and fifty thousand over
here so i go for the convenience store
which calls 30,000 and i'll buy just a
few of them three more and stick with it
try not to level up go up to level 10 if
you have any change to spare i have
9,000 left well I would go for fee
several of this which called street
vendor well go for those something left
spend it on the cheapest one do some
missions they give you a little money
but anyways also they have some loot
it's important to have it mission master
and we get prison map as well plus you
see all ranked one missions complete it
so it's kind of a nice thing to have
because they will offer you extra three
skill points investment defense go back
in a home screen let's see what's going
on see you're going to win most of the
battles which is good the people not
going to steal money from you you go to
real estate we have 25,000 now buy some
Shack we have four thousand left go for
street when there again so try to spread
money and diversify your business ok
well now we have accumulating income of
4,000 per hour or per 50 minutes well I
know we're going to take time to make a
lot thank you you have questions asked